UIPath: add documentation for new connector (#1638)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/uipath.md

---
id: uipath
title: UIPath Connector
description: Orchestrate your UIPath Bots with Camunda. You can create new queue items and get the result from it.
---

> The **UIPath Connector** allows you to connect your BPMN process with [UIPath](https://cloud.uipath.com) orchestrator. 

Reviewer: maybe orchestrate UIPath bot instead of connect?

Reviewer 2: Done

We advise you to keep your **Client ID** safe and avoid exposing it in the BPMN `xml` file by creating a secret:

1. Follow our [guide for creating secrets](../../console/manage-clusters/manage-secrets.md).
2. Name your secret (i.e `UIPATH_CLIENT_ID`) so you can reference it later in the Connector.

#### Configure the OAuth Token

Select the **UIPath Connector** and fill out the following properties under the **Authentication** section:

1. Click **OAuth 2.0** in the **Authentication** section.
2. Set **Client ID** to the secret you created (i.e. `secrets.UIPATH_CLIENT_ID`).
3. Set **Client secret** to the secret you created (i.e. `secrets.UIPATH_CLIENT_SECRET`).
4. Choose **Client Authentication** from the dropdown menu (i.e. `Send client credentials in body`).

![UIPath Connector oauth token](../img/connectors-uipath-oauth-token.png)

Find more information about the OAuth client credentials flow at the [RFC reference](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6749#section-4.4).

### Add Queue Item 

This operation allows you to create a new item and add it to a queue from UIPath Orchestrator. In order to execute it, you need to take the following steps:

> 1. Select the operation 'Add Queue Item' from 'Operation type' drop-down list.

Reviewer: dropdown instead of drop-down

Reviewer 2: Done

      "QueueDefinitionId":165001,
      "Encrypted":false,
      "Status":"New",
      "ReviewStatus":"None",
      "Key":"2196eb07-c96a-4f47-a734-326dd5d58a9d",
      "Reference":"test",
      "Priority":"Low",
      "DeferDate":"2023-01-12T00:00:00Z",
      "SecondsInPreviousAttempts":0,
      "RetryNumber":0,
      "SpecificData":"{\"DynamicProperties\":{\"test\":\"test\"}}",
      "CreationTime":"2023-01-20T10:13:20.6603953Z",
      "RowVersion":"AAAAAE2f4GY=",
      "OrganizationUnitId":1964413,
      "Id":436141352,
      "SpecificContent":{
         "test":"test"
      }
   }
}
```

### Get Queue Item result by ID

This operation allows you get the information related to a certain item from your UIPath Orchestrator. In order to execute it, you need to take the following steps:
1. Select the operation 'Get Queue Item result by ID' from the dropdown list 'Operation type'.
2. Configure authentication as described in section [Authentication](#Authentication)
3. Fill response mapping as described in section [UIPath Connector response](#UIPath-Connector-response)

![UIPath Connector - Get Queue Item result by ID](../img/connectors-uipath-get-queue-item-result-by-id.png)

> #### Get Queue Item result by ID response 

Reviewer: we should add here, where the connector gets the id from?
prerequisite: you need to create a workitem with the connector before you can get the result

Reviewer 2: Done

---
id: uipath
title: UIPath Connector
description: Orchestrate your UIPath Bots with Camunda. You can create new queue items and get the result from it.
---

The **UIPath Connector** allows you to orchestrate an UIPath bot from your BPMN process with [UIPath](https://cloud.uipath.com).

## Prerequisites

To use the UIPath Connector, you need have an [UIPath] (https://cloud.uipath.com) account and configure your organization settings. See the [Automation Cloud Guide](https://docs.uipath.com/automation-cloud/docs/introduction) to learn more.

## Create a UIPath Connector task

To use a **UIPath Connector** in your process, either change the type of existing task using the wrench-shaped **Change type** context menu, or create a new Connector task by using the **Append Connector** context menu. Follow [our guide on using Connectors](../use-connectors.md) to learn more.

## Operation types

> UIPath Connector supports two operation types: 'Add Queue Item' and 'Get Queue Item result by ID'. You can select the one that you need from the 'Operation type' dropdown list .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UIPath Connector supports two operation types: **Add Queue Item** and **Get Queue Item result by ID**. You can select the one that you need from the **Operation type** dropdown list .
```

      "odata-version":"4.0"
   },
   "body":{
      "@odata.context":"https://cloud.uipath.com/MyOrg/MyTenant/orchestrator_/odata/$metadata#QueueItems",
      "@odata.count":1,
      "value":[
         {
            "QueueDefinitionId":165001,
            "Encrypted":false,
            "Status":"New",
            "ReviewStatus":"None",
            "Key":"2196eb07-c96a-4f47-a734-326dd5d58a9d",
            "Reference":"test",
            "Priority":"Low",
            "DeferDate":"2023-01-12T00:00:00Z",
            "SecondsInPreviousAttempts":0,
            "RetryNumber":0,
            "SpecificData":"{\"DynamicProperties\":{\"test\":\"test\"}}",
            "CreationTime":"2023-01-20T10:13:20.66Z",
            "RowVersion":"AAAAAE2f4GY=",
            "OrganizationUnitId":1964413,
            "OrganizationUnitFullyQualifiedName":"MyCorporateWorkspace",
            "Id":436141352,
            "SpecificContent":{
               "test":"test"
            }
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## Appendix

### Using UIPath Connector best practice

There is no guarantee that a queue item will be processed right away. In that case, we suggest to utilize a BPMN polling loop pattern.

> ![UIPath polling loop](../img/connectors-uipath-long-polling-pattern.png)

Reviewer 2: @bastiankoerber, I have added this section but struggling to name a pattern. Calling it as `BPMN polling loop` but not sure whether it's technical enough. Please suggest.

<img width="1017" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-05 at 18 49 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108870003/216832828-2d8f6f36-e465-421b-9d82-bd58e59e19c3.png">

Reviewer 2: Discussed with @bastiankoerber during daily. The term `BPMN polling loop` is good to use here.

      "connection":"keep-alive",
      "cache-control":"no-cache, no-store, must-revalidate",
      "odata-version":"4.0"
   },
   "body":{
      "@odata.context":"https://cloud.uipath.com/MyOrg/MyTenant/orchestrator_/odata/$metadata#QueueItems",
      "@odata.count":1,
      "value":[
         {
            "QueueDefinitionId":165001,
            "Encrypted":false,
            "Status":"New",
            "ReviewStatus":"None",
            "Key":"2196eb07-c96a-4f47-a734-326dd5d58a9d",
            "Reference":"test",
            "Priority":"Low",
            "DeferDate":"2023-01-12T00:00:00Z",
            "SecondsInPreviousAttempts":0,
            "RetryNumber":0,
            "SpecificData":"{\"DynamicProperties\":{\"test\":\"test\"}}",
            "CreationTime":"2023-01-20T10:13:20.66Z",
            "RowVersion":"AAAAAE2f4GY=",
            "OrganizationUnitId":1964413,
            "OrganizationUnitFullyQualifiedName":"MyCorporateWorkspace",
            "Id":436141352,
            "SpecificContent":{
               "test":"test"
            }
         }
      ]
   }
}
```

## Appendix

### Using UIPath Connector best practice

> There is no guarantee a queue item will be processed right away. In that case, we suggest utilizing a BPMN polling loop pattern.

Reviewer 3: Can we link to any documentation on this?

Reviewer 2: Added a reference from examples.

:::note

> To avoid performance issues, it is recommended to limit the number of loop retries.

Reviewer 3: Can we also link to details on this? Do you feel it is needed?

Reviewer 2: Hi @bastiankoerber, @MaxTru 

Do you have handy any Camunda resource explaining loop retries best practices?
Maybe we should have a separate how-to, guideline, or example?

Reviewer 4: I don't think we have an appropriate one.

I would try asking in [#ask-conslting](https://camunda.slack.com/archives/C01Q05D6YUU)

Reviewer 2: Hi @christinaausley,

There is no explicit description for the polling loop pattern, so I did a bit of rewording.
